cis-multicluster-config/README.md, before:

# Configuring CIS for multi cluster deployments

The scripts and information in this folder provide an opinionated way on how to deploy CIS in multi-cluster environments. 

In this, it is recommended to use only one CIS instance per BIG-IP and rely in BIG-IP HA groups to provide redundancy.

![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/f5devcentral/f5-bd-cis-demo/refs/heads/main/cis-multicluster-config/CIS-redundancy-with-hagroups.png "CIS redundancy with BIG-IP HA groups")

It is worth to remark that in this setup, CIS are configured as primary so services are automatically discovered in both clusters without requiring the use of extendedServiceReferences when using two clusters.

Throrough this guide the sample files asume clusters with alias ocp1, ocp2 and ocp3.

# Installing CIS

CIS will be deployed in two clusters, as the image above shows. Each CIS will be used for each BIG-IP.

## Preparations

- Download this folder to the host where kubectl/oc commands can be run.
- For each cluster, make a copy of the kubeconfig file used by the user performing the installation. 

  This separate kubeconfigs will guarantee that while running the kubernetes commands the k8s context doesn´t change.
  Name the kubeconfig files like ``config.<CLUSTER_ALIAS>`` where ``<CLUSTER_ALIAS>`` will be used through the configuration and run of the scripts. 
  
- Make sure that the kubeconfig files contain the ``certificate-authority-data`` for the cluster.

## Configuring the scripts

Edit the ``config`` file in this folder. The file contains comments describing each field. See next an example. Please note that these scripts can be used with or without the CIS Operator.

```
# Namespace where CIS is installed
CIS_NS=f5bigipctlr
# CIS version
CIS_VERSION=v2.18.0
# CIS NodePort health check. This information will be used also when configuring BIG-IP HA-groups.
CIS_NODEPORT=30000
# BIG-IP credentials
BIGIP_USER=admin
BIGIP_PASS=OpenShiftMC
# The alias used for each OpenShift cluster, index 0 and 1 are the clusters where CIS is installed
CLUSTERS_ALIAS[0]=ocp1
CLUSTERS_ALIAS[1]=ocp2
CLUSTERS_ALIAS[2]=ocp3
# The path the KUBECONFIG file for each cluster, the value is run with "eval". Login and CLUSTER_ALIAS variables can be used.
KUBECONFIGS='$HOME/.kube/config.$CLUSTER_ALIAS'
# The name of the context for each cluster. CLUSTER_ALIAS variable can be used.
KUBECONTEXTS='default/api-${CLUSTER_ALIAS}-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin'
# login command
KUBELOGINS='oc login -u f5admin -p f5admin'
# Select if you want to install using the OpenShift operator or just the plain Deployment file
INSTALL_TYPE=operator
# INSTALL_TYPE=deployment
```
## Configuring the CIS Extended ConfigMaps

CIS multicluster requires an Extended ConfigMap which contains the deployment topology. There is one of these ConfigMaps per CIS instance.

Use the provided sample files ```global-cm.ocp1.yaml``` and ```global-cm.ocp2.yaml``` and modify the namespace, cluster alias names as approppriate, including the file names of the manifests.

Note that the ``primaryEndPoint`` is not really used.

## Configuring CIS for its deployment
### CIS deployment with the CIS Operator (alternative)

If using the CIS Operator, edit the files ``operator/f5bigipctlr.ocp1.yaml`` and ``operator/f5bigipctlr.ocp2.yaml`` modifying the desired parameters.

Remember to rename these files with the ``<CLUSTER_ALIAS>`` of the target clusters.

### CIS deployment with a Deployment manifest (alternative)

If deploying with a plain Deployment manifest, edit the files ``deployment/f5-bigip-ctlr-deployment.ocp1.yaml`` and ``deployment/f5-bigip-ctlr-deployment.ocp2.yaml`` modifying the desired parameters.

Remember to rename these files with the ``<CLUSTER_ALIAS>`` of the target clusters.

## Running the scripts

Once the above configurations are completed installing the whole deployment consists in three steps:

- Create the access that CIS will use for the clusters.

  This script creates a service account, API token, RBAC and a kubeconfig for **all clusters** in a single run.
  
```
$ ./create-all-auth-configs.sh 
>>> Cluster ocp1
Switched to context "default/api-ocp1-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 84 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
namespace/f5bigipctlr created
namespace/f5bigipctlr labeled
serviceaccount/f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/bigip-ctlr-clusterrole created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/bigip-ctlr-clusterrole-binding created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cluster-admin added: "f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount"
secret/f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount created
>>> Cluster ocp2
Switched to context "default/api-ocp2-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 81 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
namespace/f5bigipctlr created
namespace/f5bigipctlr labeled
serviceaccount/f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/bigip-ctlr-clusterrole created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/bigip-ctlr-clusterrole-binding created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cluster-admin added: "f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount"
secret/f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount created
>>> Cluster ocp3
Switched to context "default/api-ocp3-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 83 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
namespace/f5bigipctlr configured
serviceaccount/f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/bigip-ctlr-clusterrole created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/bigip-ctlr-clusterrole-binding created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cluster-admin added: "f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount"
secret/f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount created
```
- Deploy CIS in the first cluster

```
$ ./deploy-cis.sh ocp1
Switched to context "default/api-ocp1-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 85 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
service/cis-health-nodeport created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/virtualservers.cis.f5.com created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/tlsprofiles.cis.f5.com created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/transportservers.cis.f5.com created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/externaldnses.cis.f5.com created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/ingresslinks.cis.f5.com created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/policies.cis.f5.com created
secret/bigip-login created
configmap/global-cm.ocp1 created
f5bigipctlr.cis.f5.com/f5bigipctlr created
secret/kubeconfig.ocp1 created
secret/kubeconfig.ocp2 created
secret/kubeconfig.ocp3 created
```
- Deploy CIS in the second cluster

```
$ ./deploy-cis.sh ocp2
Switched to context "default/api-ocp2-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 82 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
service/cis-health-nodeport created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/virtualservers.cis.f5.com created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/tlsprofiles.cis.f5.com created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/transportservers.cis.f5.com created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/externaldnses.cis.f5.com created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/ingresslinks.cis.f5.com created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/policies.cis.f5.com created
secret/bigip-login created
configmap/global-cm.ocp2 created
f5bigipctlr.cis.f5.com/f5bigipctlr created
secret/kubeconfig.ocp1 created
secret/kubeconfig.ocp2 created
secret/kubeconfig.ocp3 created
```

Note that the deploy-cis.sh also installs the CIS CRDs.

The script ``create-auth-config.sh`` is not generally meant to be used directly by the user and is instead used by the ``create-all-auth-configs.sh``.

# Configuring BIG-IP HA groups

# Uninstalling

The three steps below remove everything that was installed in all clusters.

- Undo the configs created by ``create-all-auth-configs.sh``

```
$./delete-all-auth-configs.sh 
>>> Cluster ocp1
Switched to context "default/api-ocp1-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 85 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
serviceaccount "f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount" deleted
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io "bigip-ctlr-clusterrole" deleted
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io "bigip-ctlr-clusterrole-binding" deleted
secret "kubeconfig.ocp1" deleted
secret "kubeconfig.ocp2" deleted
secret "kubeconfig.ocp3" deleted
>>> Cluster ocp2
Switched to context "default/api-ocp2-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 82 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
serviceaccount "f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount" deleted
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io "bigip-ctlr-clusterrole" deleted
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io "bigip-ctlr-clusterrole-binding" deleted
secret "kubeconfig.ocp1" deleted
secret "kubeconfig.ocp2" deleted
secret "kubeconfig.ocp3" deleted
>>> Cluster ocp3
Switched to context "default/api-ocp3-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 83 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
serviceaccount "f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount" deleted
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io "bigip-ctlr-clusterrole" deleted
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io "bigip-ctlr-clusterrole-binding" deleted
```

- Undo the CIS installation in the second cluster
```
$ ./undeploy-cis.sh ocp2
Switched to context "default/api-ocp2-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 82 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
f5bigipctlr.cis.f5.com "f5bigipctlr" deleted
namespace "f5bigipctlr" deleted
```
- Undo the CIS installation in the first cluster
```
[cloud-user@ocp-provisioner cis-config]$ ./undeploy-cis.sh ocp1
Switched to context "default/api-ocp1-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 85 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
f5bigipctlr.cis.f5.com "f5bigipctlr" deleted
namespace "f5bigipctlr" deleted
```

Note that the ``undeploy.sh`` script removes the namespace where the CIS instances where deployed.

Note that by default, the ``undeploy.sh`` script doesn´t remove the CRDs. This is because removing the CRDs makes Kubernetes automatically remove any manifests (service configurations) created with these resources. If it is desired to remove the CRDs you can run the script with the ``delete-crds`` parameter. For example:

```
$ ./undeploy-cis.sh ocp2 delete-crds
Switched to context "default/api-ocp2-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 81 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
f5bigipctlr.cis.f5.com "f5bigipctlr" deleted
namespace "f5bigipctlr" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "virtualservers.cis.f5.com" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "tlsprofiles.cis.f5.com" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "transportservers.cis.f5.com" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "externaldnses.cis.f5.com" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "ingresslinks.cis.f5.com" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "policies.cis.f5.com" deleted
```

The HA-groups configuration needs to be removed manually.

Commit message:

Update README.md with HA groups

cis-multicluster-config/README.md, after:

# Configuring CIS for multi cluster deployments

The scripts and information in this folder provide an opinionated way on how to deploy CIS in multi-cluster environments. 

In this, it is recommended to use only one CIS instance per BIG-IP and rely in BIG-IP HA groups to provide redundancy.

![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/f5devcentral/f5-bd-cis-demo/refs/heads/main/cis-multicluster-config/CIS-redundancy-with-hagroups.png "CIS redundancy with BIG-IP HA groups")

It is worth to remark that in this setup, CIS are configured as primary so services are automatically discovered in both clusters without requiring the use of extendedServiceReferences when using two clusters.

Throrough this guide the sample files asume clusters with alias ocp1, ocp2 and ocp3.

# Installing CIS

CIS will be deployed in two clusters, as the image above shows. Each CIS will be used for each BIG-IP.

## Preparations

- Download this folder to the host where kubectl/oc commands can be run.
- For each cluster, make a copy of the kubeconfig file used by the user performing the installation. 

  This separate kubeconfigs will guarantee that while running the kubernetes commands the k8s context doesn´t change.
  Name the kubeconfig files like ``config.<CLUSTER_ALIAS>`` where ``<CLUSTER_ALIAS>`` will be used through the configuration and run of the scripts. 
  
- Make sure that the kubeconfig files contain the ``certificate-authority-data`` for the cluster.

## Configuring the scripts

Edit the ``config`` file in this folder. The file contains comments describing each field. See next an example. Please note that these scripts can be used with or without the CIS Operator.

```
# Namespace where CIS is installed
CIS_NS=f5bigipctlr
# CIS version
CIS_VERSION=v2.18.0
# CIS NodePort health check. This information will be used also when configuring BIG-IP HA-groups.
CIS_NODEPORT=30000
# BIG-IP credentials
BIGIP_USER=admin
BIGIP_PASS=OpenShiftMC
# The alias used for each OpenShift cluster, index 0 and 1 are the clusters where CIS is installed
CLUSTERS_ALIAS[0]=ocp1
CLUSTERS_ALIAS[1]=ocp2
CLUSTERS_ALIAS[2]=ocp3
# The path the KUBECONFIG file for each cluster, the value is run with "eval". Login and CLUSTER_ALIAS variables can be used.
KUBECONFIGS='$HOME/.kube/config.$CLUSTER_ALIAS'
# The name of the context for each cluster. CLUSTER_ALIAS variable can be used.
KUBECONTEXTS='default/api-${CLUSTER_ALIAS}-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin'
# login command
KUBELOGINS='oc login -u f5admin -p f5admin'
# Select if you want to install using the OpenShift operator or just the plain Deployment file
INSTALL_TYPE=operator
# INSTALL_TYPE=deployment
```
## Configuring the CIS Extended ConfigMaps

CIS multicluster requires an Extended ConfigMap which contains the deployment topology. There is one of these ConfigMaps per CIS instance.

Use the provided sample files ```global-cm.ocp1.yaml``` and ```global-cm.ocp2.yaml``` and modify the namespace, cluster alias names as approppriate, including the file names of the manifests.

Note that the ``primaryEndPoint`` is not really used.

## Configuring CIS for its deployment
### CIS deployment with the CIS Operator (alternative)

If using the CIS Operator, edit the files ``operator/f5bigipctlr.ocp1.yaml`` and ``operator/f5bigipctlr.ocp2.yaml`` modifying the desired parameters.

Remember to rename these files with the ``<CLUSTER_ALIAS>`` of the target clusters.

### CIS deployment with a Deployment manifest (alternative)

If deploying with a plain Deployment manifest, edit the files ``deployment/f5-bigip-ctlr-deployment.ocp1.yaml`` and ``deployment/f5-bigip-ctlr-deployment.ocp2.yaml`` modifying the desired parameters.

Remember to rename these files with the ``<CLUSTER_ALIAS>`` of the target clusters.

## Running the scripts

Once the above configurations are completed installing the whole deployment consists in three steps:

- Create the access that CIS will use for the clusters.

  This script creates a service account, API token, RBAC and a kubeconfig for **all clusters** in a single run.
  
```
$ ./create-all-auth-configs.sh 
>>> Cluster ocp1
Switched to context "default/api-ocp1-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 84 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
namespace/f5bigipctlr created
namespace/f5bigipctlr labeled
serviceaccount/f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/bigip-ctlr-clusterrole created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/bigip-ctlr-clusterrole-binding created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cluster-admin added: "f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount"
secret/f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount created
>>> Cluster ocp2
Switched to context "default/api-ocp2-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 81 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
namespace/f5bigipctlr created
namespace/f5bigipctlr labeled
serviceaccount/f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/bigip-ctlr-clusterrole created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/bigip-ctlr-clusterrole-binding created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cluster-admin added: "f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount"
secret/f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount created
>>> Cluster ocp3
Switched to context "default/api-ocp3-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 83 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
namespace/f5bigipctlr configured
serviceaccount/f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/bigip-ctlr-clusterrole created
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/bigip-ctlr-clusterrole-binding created
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io/cluster-admin added: "f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount"
secret/f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount created
```
- Deploy CIS in the first cluster

```
$ ./deploy-cis.sh ocp1
Switched to context "default/api-ocp1-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 85 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
service/cis-health-nodeport created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/virtualservers.cis.f5.com created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/tlsprofiles.cis.f5.com created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/transportservers.cis.f5.com created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/externaldnses.cis.f5.com created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/ingresslinks.cis.f5.com created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/policies.cis.f5.com created
secret/bigip-login created
configmap/global-cm.ocp1 created
f5bigipctlr.cis.f5.com/f5bigipctlr created
secret/kubeconfig.ocp1 created
secret/kubeconfig.ocp2 created
secret/kubeconfig.ocp3 created
```
- Deploy CIS in the second cluster

```
$ ./deploy-cis.sh ocp2
Switched to context "default/api-ocp2-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 82 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
service/cis-health-nodeport created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/virtualservers.cis.f5.com created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/tlsprofiles.cis.f5.com created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/transportservers.cis.f5.com created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/externaldnses.cis.f5.com created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/ingresslinks.cis.f5.com created
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io/policies.cis.f5.com created
secret/bigip-login created
configmap/global-cm.ocp2 created
f5bigipctlr.cis.f5.com/f5bigipctlr created
secret/kubeconfig.ocp1 created
secret/kubeconfig.ocp2 created
secret/kubeconfig.ocp3 created
```

Note that the deploy-cis.sh also installs the CIS CRDs.

The script ``create-auth-config.sh`` is not generally meant to be used directly by the user and is instead used by the ``create-all-auth-configs.sh``.

# Configuring BIG-IP HA groups

BIG-IP HA groups allows configuring conditions in which perform a failover. Conditions used are for example when the BIG-IP is not able to reach an upstream gateway or when the the network interfaces are down. In this case, we are going to monitor the availability of CIS with the /ready endpoint, which is exposed with a NodePort Service by the deploy-cis.sh script. 

In the BIG-IPs, we will configure a pool for each CIS using the IPs of more than one Kubernetes node address for resiliency. Tipically, it will be used the master nodes because these are less likely to be changed.

The steps to configure this are:

1. Create an HTTP monitor for CIS
2. Create a pool for each CIS
3. Create an HA group
4. Assign the HA group to the traffic-group that CIS will manage

# Uninstalling

The three steps below remove everything that was installed in all clusters.

- Undo the configs created by ``create-all-auth-configs.sh``

```
$./delete-all-auth-configs.sh 
>>> Cluster ocp1
Switched to context "default/api-ocp1-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 85 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
serviceaccount "f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount" deleted
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io "bigip-ctlr-clusterrole" deleted
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io "bigip-ctlr-clusterrole-binding" deleted
secret "kubeconfig.ocp1" deleted
secret "kubeconfig.ocp2" deleted
secret "kubeconfig.ocp3" deleted
>>> Cluster ocp2
Switched to context "default/api-ocp2-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 82 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
serviceaccount "f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount" deleted
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io "bigip-ctlr-clusterrole" deleted
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io "bigip-ctlr-clusterrole-binding" deleted
secret "kubeconfig.ocp1" deleted
secret "kubeconfig.ocp2" deleted
secret "kubeconfig.ocp3" deleted
>>> Cluster ocp3
Switched to context "default/api-ocp3-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 83 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
serviceaccount "f5-bigip-ctlr-serviceaccount" deleted
clusterrole.rbac.authorization.k8s.io "bigip-ctlr-clusterrole" deleted
clusterrolebinding.rbac.authorization.k8s.io "bigip-ctlr-clusterrole-binding" deleted
```

- Undo the CIS installation in the second cluster
```
$ ./undeploy-cis.sh ocp2
Switched to context "default/api-ocp2-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 82 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
f5bigipctlr.cis.f5.com "f5bigipctlr" deleted
namespace "f5bigipctlr" deleted
```
- Undo the CIS installation in the first cluster
```
[cloud-user@ocp-provisioner cis-config]$ ./undeploy-cis.sh ocp1
Switched to context "default/api-ocp1-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 85 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
f5bigipctlr.cis.f5.com "f5bigipctlr" deleted
namespace "f5bigipctlr" deleted
```

Note that the ``undeploy.sh`` script removes the namespace where the CIS instances where deployed.

Note that by default, the ``undeploy.sh`` script doesn´t remove the CRDs. This is because removing the CRDs makes Kubernetes automatically remove any manifests (service configurations) created with these resources. If it is desired to remove the CRDs you can run the script with the ``delete-crds`` parameter. For example:

```
$ ./undeploy-cis.sh ocp2 delete-crds
Switched to context "default/api-ocp2-f5-udf-com:6443/f5admin".
Login successful.

You have access to 81 projects, the list has been suppressed. You can list all projects with 'oc projects'

Using project "default".
f5bigipctlr.cis.f5.com "f5bigipctlr" deleted
namespace "f5bigipctlr" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "virtualservers.cis.f5.com" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "tlsprofiles.cis.f5.com" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "transportservers.cis.f5.com" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "externaldnses.cis.f5.com" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "ingresslinks.cis.f5.com" deleted
customresourcedefinition.apiextensions.k8s.io "policies.cis.f5.com" deleted
```

The HA-groups configuration needs to be removed manually.
